NXDOC-2814: document bulk execution modes (#2437)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-platform-spaces: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-server/events-and-messages/bulk-action-framework.md

It is possible to add several options to the stream processor to tune the way the documents are processed.
Please visit [nuxeo-runtime-stream README](https://github.com/nuxeo/nuxeo/blob/master/modules/runtime/nuxeo-runtime-stream/README.md) for more information.

#### Controlling the Bulk Command Execution

A Bulk command submitted to the Bulk Service contains a query that represents a list of items and an action to apply to this set. The execution of the Bulk command is divided into two parts:
1. The scroll: The Scroll computation reads the submitted bulk command and materializes the query results into the action stream.

> 2. The processing: The Action computation reads the action stream and applies the action processing to the items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The processing: The Action computation reads the action stream and applies the action to process the items.
```

A Bulk action can be flagged as:
- **Sequential Scroll**: All bulk commands are routed to the same scroll thread, eliminating parallel scrolling. The processing of items in a Bulk command can be concurrent. Multiple Bulk commands may briefly run in parallel, overlapping for a short duration. Examples: Actions like delete, update acl, move: where it is better to avoid parallel command that might conflict.
```xml
<action name="myAction" sequentialScroll="true" ... />
```

> - **Sequential Processing**: All items of a Bulk command are processed sequentially by the same action thread. Multiple Bulk commands can be scrolled and processed in parallel.Examples: a Bulk action that run an automation operation to add docs to a collection, with a sequential processing we avoid a concurrent update exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Sequential Processing**: All items of a Bulk command are processed sequentially by the same action thread. Multiple Bulk commands can be scrolled and processed in parallel. Example: a Bulk action that run an automation operation to add docs to a collection, a sequential processing avoids a concurrent update exception.
```

```xml
<action name="myAction" sequentialProcessing="true" ... />
```

> - **Exclusive** Only one Bulk command can be submitted and running at a time. Submitting a Bulk command while one is running will result in an immediate error. The processing of items in the Bulk command can be concurrent. The entire execution is sequential. Examples: heavy administrative operation like: full GC, migration, full reindex, or periodical tasks that can be skipped if already running (transient GC, workflow escalation, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Exclusive** Only one Bulk command can be submitted and run at a time. Submitting a Bulk command while one is running results in an immediate error. The processing of items in the Bulk command can be concurrent. The entire execution is sequential. Example: heavy administrative operation like: full GC, migration, full reindex, or periodical tasks that can be skipped if already running (transient GC, workflow escalation, ...)
```

```xml
<action name="myAction" exclusive="true" ... />
```

> Note that it is possible to have Sequential Bulk Command by using sequential Scroll with a the bulk action on a stream with a single partition, or simply using an exclusive command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that it is possible to have Sequential Bulk Command by using sequential Scroll with the bulk action on a stream with a single partition, or simply using an exclusive command.
```
